update to policheck-flagged text (#26014)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/io/pipelines.md

[!INCLUDE [pipelines-do-not-use-2](../../../includes/pipelines-do-not-use-2.md)]

> ❌ **Unexpected Unresponsive Application**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
❌ **Unresponsive application**
```

> Unconditionally calling `PipeReader.AdvanceTo` with `buffer.End` in the `examined` position may result in the application stopping to respond when parsing a single message. The next call to `PipeReader.AdvanceTo` won't return until:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unconditionally calling `PipeReader.AdvanceTo` with `buffer.End` in the `examined` position may result in the application becoming unresponsive when parsing a single message. The next call to `PipeReader.AdvanceTo` won't return until:
```
